# Academic-Project-management
The project management system is a system for managing, controlling and monitoring the academic project of the student. It is a web-based portal or application which is useful for students, project coordinator, and project guide. The project committee will allow topic selection. The project management system allows to upload the project and then the project coordinator will automatically assign the guide to the student. The project coordinator is the main aspect of the system which will assign different tasks to the students. The academic project management mainly focuses on automating the process of project-based on the internet. In the project, the project topic will be submitted online along with the document and the approval will be provided online by the project committee along with suggestions if any. Student can also update their project status weekly and provide the progress regarding their project to the project guide. It provides student, project coordinator and project guide is to use a simple web portal to manage and monitor the overall activities. The project committee will accept the project and allow the student to proceed and start working on the project. After the approval, the project designing, user stories, planning will be sent to the appropriate guide and project coordinator by the student. Every week there will be a scrum meeting with the help of video calling. Sprint review must be conducted with the project coordinator and project guide once every 2 weeks. Using this project management system the project flow can be automated and students no need of submitting the hard copy of the project. The process of submitting project abstract and getting approval has been made easy via the online application. The main objective of the project management system getting things done faster, cheaper and better by applying their common knowledge, bringing together a selection of resources and attainments in a project.
